---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-15T17:47:44.776Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-15T17:46:46.438Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-15-0d2e009c-aa7d-4692-8197-d8d3701aff8d.md
published: true
url: 0d2e009c-aa7d-4692-8197-d8d3701aff8d/index.html
_type: Article

---
When we set out to accomplish anything in life, big or small, we are choosing to focus our time and energy on something that ultimately satisfies a personal desire or professional goal with the end result being our happiness and wellbeing. Many times we find ourselves thrust into a whirlwind of life changes, sometimes of our choosing but most often in a way that feels completely out of our control.  Sometimes you've got to ask the question of yourself " what is the outcome really worth"? We can get into the specifics regarding the value of a good relationship, great health, a good career and more, but ultimately it's got to make you happy and it's got to leave you feeling more alive than ever before.

So the real question is, what is your happiness worth?

There are a lot of challenges that you can google your way out of, but when it comes to the redefinition of your life there are some answers you just won't find on a web page. So if your hearts desire is  to embark on a journey to achieve something new, or if you find yourself in a place where it seems that your life is going to change regardless of your hearts desire, why not begin to look for ways to make the trip fun, exciting and most of all productive?

We can assure you that wherever you find yourself at this moment in time

that you've come to the right place.

Redecorating the Soul is designed to support you in producing passionate and life-altering results in your relationship with yourself, your life and your partner if you have one, even if you don't know what direction you're headed in! Our ultimate goal is to support you in creating a life that you've fallen madly in love with, even when it seems like an impossibility.

​We know that it's possible, because we've done it ourselves for over 35 years. 

We want to show you that you can create a life with an abundance of happiness, love and passion regardless of where you're beginning the journey. We don't care if it's a grave illness that brings you here, or the death of a relationship or a career. Maybe your kids have left the nest and you've lost your purpose and you're wondering what's next? Maybe you're kids have left the nest and you're wondering who you're spouse is, because it's been so long since you've been anything but parents together that you've forgotten how to be lovers. Maybe you're longing to feel in love again but don't know where to look for that spark anymore? Or just maybe you know that you're destined to do something romantic, huge and wonderful, something that you dreamt of decades ago and put aside when you decided to grow up and become "responsible". 

This is your invitation to start wherever you find yourself and to begin to dream about what might be possible! This is your invitation to begin to be "Irresponsible" and maybe just a little bit "Selfish".  We'll be talking a lot together about toxic words and the effect that they have on your happiness.

Redecorating the Soul is your personal action plan for creating an abundance of happiness, romance and passion wherever you're beginning on the timeline of your life either together or separately.

_**Why an abundance of Happiness, Romance & Passion?**_

After all, why not? It's your birthright!

Living from this level of happiness is transformative because by creating the life for yourself that you really want, you'll begin to make a real difference in your world! Whether it's for yourself, your family, your community or the world at large, a person in love with life shares and gives more powerfully and more effectively in everything they do!  

Working with us you will gain access to the most powerful set of controls you'll ever have over the results you can achieve in your life. Working with us on a specific challenge or goal will give you first hand experience that you'll be able to use over and over again to improve any outcome while providing greater options for what is ultimately possible in your life!